README.md, before:

#  non-english-subreddits 
List  of  non-English  subreddits.  Useful  for  data  science  projects  using  English-based  Reddit  content. 
 
###  Instructions 
Use  foreign_language_subreddits.py  script  to  add  new  foreign  language  subreddits  to  the  existing  list.   
The  script  overwrites  the  foreign_language_subreddits.txt  with  previous  and  new  subreddits  that   
were  added  by  the  user  via  console  input.  The  script  also  updates  the  project's  README  MD  file. 
 
Users  are  encouraged  to  create  a  PR  if  they  have  foreign  language  subreddits  not  included  in  the  current  list. 
 
###  List  of  Non-English  Subreddits
/r/15m
/r/aachen
/r/aalborg
/r/aarhus
/r/afrikaans
/r/aguascalientes
/r/aixmarseille
/r/albania
/r/alltfaller
/r/antwerpen/
/r/anunturi
/r/argenbitcoin
/r/argentina
/r/argentinacirclejerk
/r/argentos
/r/arteperuano
/r/ateosmexicanos
/r/atomausstieg
/r/austria
/r/aveiro
/r/bajacalifornia
/r/bajacaliforniasur
/r/bbrasil
/r/benfica
/r/bergen
/r/bern
/r/bitcoinde
/r/bitcoindk
/r/bitcoinfrance
/r/bitcoinis
/r/bitcoinmex
/r/bitcoinnl
/r/bitcoinno
/r/bitcoinswe
/r/bitcoinvzla
/r/bolivia
/r/bopvn
/r/boras
/r/bordeaux
/r/bossanova
/r/bostad
/r/brasil
/r/brasilbitcoin
/r/brasildob
/r/brasilia
/r/braziu
/r/bremen
/r/bretagne
/r/btces
/r/bundesliga
/r/cameroon
/r/cflcomics
/r/chile
/r/chinesereddit
/r/chistes
/r/cinefilos
/r/circuloidiota
/r/cluj
/r/coimbra
/r/cologne
/r/colombia
/r/coyoacan
/r/cpop
/r/croatia
/r/cryptocroatia
/r/cryptomexico
/r/danish
/r/danishents
/r/danskrap
/r/darkmarketsbrasil
/r/darknetmarketsno
/r/darmstadt
/r/datenschutz
/r/de
/r/de_comedy
/r/de_iama
/r/de_it
/r/demandezreddit
/r/denmark
/r/dentacoin
/r/desporto
/r/deutschland
/r/distritofederal
/r/djangoes
/r/dkmusik
/r/dkpol
/r/dkwork
/r/dogecoingermany
/r/dokumentationen
/r/ecouteca
/r/ecuador
/r/edomex
/r/elsalvador
/r/ensenada
/r/entraideinformatique
/r/erba
/r/es
/r/espanol
/r/estadodemexico
/r/ethtradernl
/r/etsmtl
/r/explicacomoanino
/r/fernsehen
/r/finanzen
/r/firenze
/r/fr
/r/fragreddit
/r/france
/r/francesinhas
/r/frankfurt
/r/freiburg
/r/frenchimmersion/r/portuguese
/r/frenchrap
/r/futbol
/r/futbolmx
/r/gamingesp
/r/gavle
/r/genova
/r/gent
/r/germanmovies
/r/germanpractice
/r/germantrees
/r/germanyusa
/r/germusic
/r/goe
/r/gothenburg
/r/grandsud
/r/groningen
/r/guadalajara
/r/guanajuato
/r/guatemala
/r/halmstad
/r/hamburg
/r/hannover
/r/heidelberg
/r/helsinki
/r/hoerbuecher
/r/hola
/r/honduras
/r/hungary
/r/iasi
/r/iceland
/r/ilandsproblem
/r/indonesia
/r/interlingua
/r/investimentos
/r/italianlearning
/r/italians
/r/italy
/r/italy_ss
/r/italyinformatica
/r/ja
/r/japaneseonly
/r/japanesereddit
/r/jememarre
/r/jeuxvideo
/r/jobb
/r/joppa
/r/karlstad
/r/knugencoin
/r/koeln
/r/kolding
/r/krakow
/r/kripto
/r/lalaguna
/r/latinoamerica
/r/lecafe
/r/ligue1
/r/lille
/r/linkoping
/r/linz
/r/lisboa
/r/litigi
/r/livres
/r/lodz
/r/lordsofjammore
/r/lund
/r/lyon
/r/madrid
/r/malmo
/r/manele
/r/marknad
/r/mejorde
/r/metaswirclejerk
/r/mexicali
/r/mexico
/r/mexicocirclejerk
/r/mexicoiama
/r/mexijobs
/r/milano
/r/monterrey
/r/montpellier
/r/montreal
/r/montrealfood
/r/montrealgay
/r/montrealjobs
/r/morocco
/r/muzyka
/r/nahuatl
/r/nantes
/r/napoli
/r/nederland
/r/nederlands
/r/nerdsmexico
/r/nicaragua
/r/niedersachsen
/r/nihon
/r/nihongo
/r/nijmegen
/r/nl
/r/norge
/r/noticias
/r/ntnu
/r/oaxaca
/r/obitcoin
/r/occuponsmontreal
/r/occuponsmontrealag
/r/occuponsmontrealjobs
/r/odense
/r/oradea
/r/orebro
/r/oslo
/r/panama
/r/paraguay
/r/peru
/r/photosmontreal
/r/pietsmiet
/r/piratenpartei
/r/pitesti
/r/playa
/r/podemos
/r/polityka
/r/polska
/r/polymtl
/r/porto
/r/portugal
/r/portugalnews
/r/poznan
/r/practicar
/r/programacion
/r/programmation
/r/programmazione
/r/provence
/r/puertorico
/r/quebec
/r/queretaro
/r/quintanaroo
/r/r4rmontreal
/r/ragefrance
/r/rance
/r/rayados
/r/rbtvcirclejerk
/r/rebootfrance
/r/reddist
/r/redditores
/r/riograndedosul
/r/rocirclejerk
/r/rocketbeans
/r/role
/r/rolistentothis
/r/romania
/r/romania_ss
/r/rosarito
/r/ru
/r/russianimmersion
/r/santiago
/r/saopaulo
/r/schland
/r/schleswigholstein
/r/serbia
/r/simpsonsespanollatino
/r/sinaloa
/r/skellefte
/r/soluzioni
/r/sonora
/r/spanishimmersion
/r/spel
/r/spvm
/r/stavanger
/r/stockholm
/r/suomi
/r/svenska
/r/swadviceanimals
/r/sweden
/r/swedents
/r/swiama
/r/swirclejerk
/r/tampere
/r/teutonik
/r/the_frauke
/r/thenetherlands
/r/tigres
/r/tijuana
/r/timisoara
/r/torino
/r/toulouse
/r/trondheim
/r/truefrance
/r/tugajerk
/r/turkey
/r/turkeyjerky
/r/tvadicto
/r/udem
/r/udes
/r/ulaval
/r/umea
/r/uppsala
/r/uqam
/r/uruguay
/r/uruguaysoccer
/r/valencia
/r/vasteras
/r/venezia
/r/veracruz
/r/videojuego
/r/vlaanderen
/r/vosfinances
/r/vzla
/r/warsaw
/r/wien
/r/yucatan
/r/zacatecas

Commit message:

added warning about modification of readme file

README.md, after:

#  non-english-subreddits 
List  of  non-English  subreddits.  Useful  for  data  science  projects  using  English-based  Reddit  content. 
 
###  Instructions 
Use  foreign_language_subreddits.py  script  to  add  new  foreign  language  subreddits  to  the  existing  list.   
The  script  overwrites  the  foreign_language_subreddits.txt  with  previous  and  new  subreddits  that   
were  added  by  the  user  via  console  input.  The  script  also  updates  the  project's  README  MD  file. 
 
Users  are  encouraged  to  create  a  PR  if  they  have  foreign  language  subreddits  not  included  in  the  current  list. 
 
#####  Do  not  edit  README.md  directly.  Changes  to  this  file  should  be  done  in  the  script. 
 
###  List  of  Non-English  Subreddits
/r/15m
/r/aachen
/r/aalborg
/r/aarhus
/r/afrikaans
/r/aguascalientes
/r/aixmarseille
/r/albania
/r/alltfaller
/r/antwerpen/
/r/anunturi
/r/argenbitcoin
/r/argentina
/r/argentinacirclejerk
/r/argentos
/r/arteperuano
/r/ateosmexicanos
/r/atomausstieg
/r/austria
/r/aveiro
/r/bajacalifornia
/r/bajacaliforniasur
/r/bbrasil
/r/benfica
/r/bergen
/r/bern
/r/bitcoinde
/r/bitcoindk
/r/bitcoinfrance
/r/bitcoinis
/r/bitcoinmex
/r/bitcoinnl
/r/bitcoinno
/r/bitcoinswe
/r/bitcoinvzla
/r/bolivia
/r/bopvn
/r/boras
/r/bordeaux
/r/bossanova
/r/bostad
/r/brasil
/r/brasilbitcoin
/r/brasildob
/r/brasilia
/r/braziu
/r/bremen
/r/bretagne
/r/btces
/r/bundesliga
/r/cameroon
/r/cflcomics
/r/chile
/r/chinesereddit
/r/chistes
/r/cinefilos
/r/circuloidiota
/r/cluj
/r/coimbra
/r/cologne
/r/colombia
/r/coyoacan
/r/cpop
/r/croatia
/r/cryptocroatia
/r/cryptomexico
/r/danish
/r/danishents
/r/danskrap
/r/darkmarketsbrasil
/r/darknetmarketsno
/r/darmstadt
/r/datenschutz
/r/de
/r/de_comedy
/r/de_iama
/r/de_it
/r/demandezreddit
/r/denmark
/r/dentacoin
/r/desporto
/r/deutschland
/r/distritofederal
/r/djangoes
/r/dkmusik
/r/dkpol
/r/dkwork
/r/dogecoingermany
/r/dokumentationen
/r/ecouteca
/r/ecuador
/r/edomex
/r/elsalvador
/r/ensenada
/r/entraideinformatique
/r/erba
/r/es
/r/espanol
/r/estadodemexico
/r/ethtradernl
/r/etsmtl
/r/explicacomoanino
/r/fernsehen
/r/finanzen
/r/firenze
/r/fr
/r/fragreddit
/r/france
/r/francesinhas
/r/frankfurt
/r/freiburg
/r/frenchimmersion/r/portuguese
/r/frenchrap
/r/futbol
/r/futbolmx
/r/gamingesp
/r/gavle
/r/genova
/r/gent
/r/germanmovies
/r/germanpractice
/r/germantrees
/r/germanyusa
/r/germusic
/r/goe
/r/gothenburg
/r/grandsud
/r/groningen
/r/guadalajara
/r/guanajuato
/r/guatemala
/r/halmstad
/r/hamburg
/r/hannover
/r/heidelberg
/r/helsinki
/r/hoerbuecher
/r/hola
/r/honduras
/r/hungary
/r/iasi
/r/iceland
/r/ilandsproblem
/r/indonesia
/r/interlingua
/r/investimentos
/r/italianlearning
/r/italians
/r/italy
/r/italy_ss
/r/italyinformatica
/r/ja
/r/japaneseonly
/r/japanesereddit
/r/jememarre
/r/jeuxvideo
/r/jobb
/r/joppa
/r/karlstad
/r/knugencoin
/r/koeln
/r/kolding
/r/krakow
/r/kripto
/r/lalaguna
/r/latinoamerica
/r/lecafe
/r/ligue1
/r/lille
/r/linkoping
/r/linz
/r/lisboa
/r/litigi
/r/livres
/r/lodz
/r/lordsofjammore
/r/lund
/r/lyon
/r/madrid
/r/malmo
/r/manele
/r/marknad
/r/mejorde
/r/metaswirclejerk
/r/mexicali
/r/mexico
/r/mexicocirclejerk
/r/mexicoiama
/r/mexijobs
/r/milano
/r/monterrey
/r/montpellier
/r/montreal
/r/montrealfood
/r/montrealgay
/r/montrealjobs
/r/morocco
/r/muzyka
/r/nahuatl
/r/nantes
/r/napoli
/r/nederland
/r/nederlands
/r/nerdsmexico
/r/nicaragua
/r/niedersachsen
/r/nihon
/r/nihongo
/r/nijmegen
/r/nl
/r/norge
/r/noticias
/r/ntnu
/r/oaxaca
/r/obitcoin
/r/occuponsmontreal
/r/occuponsmontrealag
/r/occuponsmontrealjobs
/r/odense
/r/oradea
/r/orebro
/r/oslo
/r/panama
/r/paraguay
/r/peru
/r/photosmontreal
/r/pietsmiet
/r/piratenpartei
/r/pitesti
/r/playa
/r/podemos
/r/polityka
/r/polska
/r/polymtl
/r/porto
/r/portugal
/r/portugalnews
/r/poznan
/r/practicar
/r/programacion
/r/programmation
/r/programmazione
/r/provence
/r/puertorico
/r/quebec
/r/queretaro
/r/quintanaroo
/r/r4rmontreal
/r/ragefrance
/r/rance
/r/rayados
/r/rbtvcirclejerk
/r/rebootfrance
/r/reddist
/r/redditores
/r/riograndedosul
/r/rocirclejerk
/r/rocketbeans
/r/role
/r/rolistentothis
/r/romania
/r/romania_ss
/r/rosarito
/r/ru
/r/russianimmersion
/r/santiago
/r/saopaulo
/r/schland
/r/schleswigholstein
/r/serbia
/r/simpsonsespanollatino
/r/sinaloa
/r/skellefte
/r/soluzioni
/r/sonora
/r/spanishimmersion
/r/spel
/r/spvm
/r/stavanger
/r/stockholm
/r/suomi
/r/svenska
/r/swadviceanimals
/r/sweden
/r/swedents
/r/swiama
/r/swirclejerk
/r/tampere
/r/teutonik
/r/the_frauke
/r/thenetherlands
/r/tigres
/r/tijuana
/r/timisoara
/r/torino
/r/toulouse
/r/trondheim
/r/truefrance
/r/tugajerk
/r/turkey
/r/turkeyjerky
/r/tvadicto
/r/udem
/r/udes
/r/ulaval
/r/umea
/r/uppsala
/r/uqam
/r/uruguay
/r/uruguaysoccer
/r/valencia
/r/vasteras
/r/venezia
/r/veracruz
/r/videojuego
/r/vlaanderen
/r/vosfinances
/r/vzla
/r/warsaw
/r/wien
/r/yucatan
/r/zacatecas
